Step 1: Provide an Identity Provider Name
Which identity provider are you connecting to?
chatgpt


Step 2: Create an Application
For SSO to properly function with your identity provider, you’ll need to create and configure your application to:

Support the authorization code grant type
Have the URL below listed as a login redirect URI
Login redirect URI
https://external.auth.openai.com/sso/oidc/Yx8Iq5qXlIpcDgv2v9HJ5HuOu/callback

Step 3: Add Claims
Add the following claims to the user ID token in your OIDC provider settings. For many providers, the required claims are included by default, but for other providers you will need to add these claims.

Claim
sub
Required
email
Required
given_name
Required
family_name
Required

Step 4: Provide your OIDC Configuration
After creating an application, a Client ID and Client Secret would’ve been provisioned for you by your Identity Provider. These credentials are used to authenticate users from OpenAI.

You will also need to provide your identity provider’s Discovery Endpoint which contains important configuration information.

Client ID
Client Secret
Discovery Endpoint

Step 5: Configure Application Link
OpenID connect protocol doesn’t support an identity provider initiated flow. However, you can optionally still allow users to access the application directly from your identity provider’s user portal via an application link.

Creating the application link
Identity providers offer different ways to configure an application link and may support:

Bookmark or link applications
A login URL, SSO URL, or start URL field
Use the configuration values below to configure an application link.

Application Name
ChatGPT
Application login URL
https://chatgpt.com/auth/login?sso=true&connection=conn_01KTJWG04RVY429YP2NHD6QNCM
The Application name helps users recognize the app in your identity provider user portal.

The Application login URL directs users to the SSO authentication endpoint. Your identity provider may refer to it as the SSO URL, Login URL, or Start URL.

Configuring the application logo
The logo helps users recognize the app within your identity provider’s user portal. Note that some identity providers may refer to it as app icon or logo icon. The exact placement and appearance may vary depending on the identity provider.

Assigning users to the application
To ensure users have access to the application, follow your identity provider’s process for assigning users. This may include granting access to specific user groups or individuals.

Step 6: Test Single Sign-On
Test signing in to verify that the single sign-on connection was configured correctly.